Han Mulan
Are you looking for death?
I'm looking for death!
Then you do it, you have the ability, you kill me
I'm dead.
Your sister?
I didn't expect you to still have some skills?
Hey, why are you like this?
I have checked the place of your sister Li Bao.
There is an aircraft factory in the southern suburbs
Very surprised
Our monks and eyes are all over Jingzhou
Naturally, I don't want to bring this little thing.
If you lose, you know
lost
How much energy does the master have?
I can ask Rat Lao's granddaughter to pick me up
Hurry up
I asked you to save your sister
My Miss Lu
Look
Your useless brother is not coming back today.
OK
That being the case
So I'm about to start.
Ah, hahahaha!